I'm not going to ask the soldiers to take the dance.
I've been using it for the made-break clear.
By the chair who knows about the counter-break issue,
I'm not saying it's a fairing self-made approach.
I think it should be made very clear that I had no inclination,
no indication of it,
that this was not coming directly from Mr. Welts,
and I think that should be cleared up,
because I've been on a plane accepting what I thought were well-preserved proposals.
So I say I don't want anyone to take the stand,
give me the details,
but I just think it's very nice to leave.
Those thoughts were made.
Should they summarize my thumb,
so that it's very clear that I was like to believe that I was accepting
and offered by Mr. Welts.
I think that's reason, Mr. Chairman.
I think that's very reason.
The staff is not going to all the calipers,
at all the senators,
and all the people interested in this discussion
had during the lunch hour.
They will have to take us to work with Wred Bull to meet the chiefs on his house.
The chair of Wred Bull's Secretary of the Committee advised him
that he felt that this proposal would be acceptable to him,
and that the chair had been let to believe
by those in times of issue,
with him it was acceptable to us.
Apparently we know now that this is not...
Mr. Chairman, may I correct the record in one respect?
I did not say I was asleep on my house,
I was not that lucky,
but I was reclining on it.
Mr. Chairman,
can I have an hour to find it from the go-down of Mr. Chairman?
Is it for the Committee on Mr. Ludwig?
Members, Chairman.
Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Chairman, the point of personal further.
Mr. Chairman, may I begin to introduce you to the members?
It should be made clear that the representatives of the committee
did believe me to believe.
At least half a dozen phones, all,
that someone from the military,
Mr. Welts, who is now the unique,
and making these suggestions,
and that's why I accepted them,
and I'm certainly clear, Mr. Chairman.
The infection will go up,
so that there is little basis for this.
I think that's a common difference, Mr. Chairman.
I wish you a talk to your council.
Now that it's not clear,
not from your house,
we should know that.
Either somebody was receiving the committee,
or someone with many was being over his role,
so I was wondering what to do.
And I think Mr. Chairman, may I finish?
I think I think this is all very important,
to the fact that he's my velocity estate.
Hey, now, ladies and gentlemen,
just a minute, Mr. Chairman,
it is too much to ask,
that the chair can stop what he's calling,
and then either confirm or deny it.
He can confirm or deny it or not.
But I was standing by my phone for two hours,
and received a pita call,
and with regular leave,
I think it's a gesture of tango,
we're made,
I think that's it.
Are you going to discuss with the chairman?
I did not believe anybody could ask it.
I think it's a welcome.
Mr. Chairman, I think that's the reason why
Mr. Chairman is playing out the beginning,
when he said that he could not have an opportunity
to consult with his client,
to win the lunch hour,
to reach out to the committee twice a week,
so he said to consult with his client,
under proposed changes,
and the buyers' committees of his client
felt that they would be unfair to his interest
if we were to adopt.
One further question, Mr. Chairman.
Who was there after Mr. Chairman Flair,
for that he was the man, then?
Mr. Hitchcock,
we are tied relatively all around the table.
To try to find some worth of a formula,
perhaps for that in the hearing,
that all the kids would say that they considered fair.
Now, we'll take it from the McCarty critically.
Now, openly and publicly,
I'm tied up with the accepted.
So, Mr. Hitchcock,
we're taking him to Mr. Bryan,
as he's writing his right.
Mr. Welp,
I'd like to share this,
my attorney, on the second phone call,
a heat-op to proceed with the unfair,
and I'd like to share with Mr. Bryan
to become a member of the judge.
Mr. Wien-Neville,
sir, Mr. chairman Under it.
Mr. Chairman L. vice- commissioner tanks.
Go ahead for the first,
try tofficial his recommendation.
The first, retrospective grounds wait Sharp.
Then the McCarty will start request
I have nowhere known neuropsychinium admittance.
I have just push out on myself,
but I have no time left for機.
I believe I've let Circle McCarty.
Oh, I'm here to greet you.
I told Grisha,
and you asked,
we are steeling Olá!
All right, press istorender.
We'll try to clear this out.
That will not include me,
or in five-semifim.
Mr. Senator,
I think we should do that.
May I make a very clear,
perhaps, neither you,
nor some of the exact same,
or some of the primary things that's ever indicated,
but any time that they wanted to,
something during short to me,
or in my hearing,
you have no time for accuracy for that purpose.
You have no time for accuracy of news,
no time for that subject of years.
That's me table-factor-sharing.
But I,
I don't think we should leave a promise at a date.
I'll leave now.
I already said it up.
Mr. Tannen,
point of personal privilege.
Take your time.
We shall proceed.
Mr. Tannen,
not for me,
though, in personal time,
but for me,
Mr. Tannen,
the Tannen,
the first thing that I was under the film
was like something changes.
Mr. Tannen,
the represent me there,
and if it were Mr. Welch's,
I wish the chair would make that clear for the record.
Yes, I can make it as clear as he can,
and the property of information,
is that the chair himself?
As soon as I met Tannen,
what did he thought?
The chief's proposal to be acceptable to him?
If you know anyone that the chair comes,
that he's not Tannen's to Welch,
and that he's the handsome Mr. Welch.
I can tell you only that,
because I know no more about it.
I don't think that I didn't say that Mr. Welch
is actually in good faith,
and he was not the police,
just to have...
He had come about in meeting a monk.
I'm happy that meeting a monk,
does not have the both about.
He was doing all the things he could say.
Mr. Welch,
does not have the middle of mind.
He better have the both and become.
That's one question, Mr. Tannen.
Yes, sir.
I have finally got to share this question.
I assume there's no doubt that there's mind,
because I...
Worst words could be said,
Mr. Welch, that way,
to get the change.
I'm not sure that it would be fair to say Mr. Welch
involved, I think, just...
It was brought to the center of attention,
that this resolution has gone to where you say
you should have listened to.
That is obvious, so...
and hope.
I did some of the other members of the committee.
That was in 50 times,
that's going to involve,
I think it will be fair and honest.
I'm just...
As a final touch, Mr. Tannen.
After the touch is over,
I wonder if the chair would do this for me.
I wonder if he would give me the name.
As those representing Mr. Stevens and the president,
who would forget to write me to justice these changes.
I think I'm entitled about...
I was graduated with the Welch about them, too.
I should know where they were.
I might ask him to write me a record, Mr. Tannen.
But I just think I'm entitled to the information,
because now I'm doing this,
and I saw a ton of things.
I had some good sentiments and thoughts on them.
I still have.
I think there's no understanding.
If the government's a Welch is making it for justice,
no, it's right.
If it's fair, we do that after the question is over, Terry.
The chair is not necessary.
And that's the good thing.
He is not much of a judge.
He will be what he can do with his hands.
We will now have...
You know how to vote on the votes for them.
Are you ready to vote?
Stand on the count.
No.
Stand with it.
Stand with that.
I...
Stand with it.
No.
I'm sure it won't.
I can't feel it.
Let's get out of here.
I'm sorry.
I think I should recognize you.
It's nothing to watch.
You said,
fire to the weapons is made by Senator Muffatty.
A few minutes ago,
to the possibility of holding nice questions,
I have made some notifications
to remind me to offer a motion,
which I knew of this time,
that we both seek to hold
the means of each day from 730 to 930,
PM on each day that any sessions are held
at this point is here,
by the government.
I'm losing seconds.
It's just,
on every day that we hold a session,
we also hold a nice session
from 739.
Maybe,
here, it's fire for the...
In the morning,
today is the day of the resolution,
the year of the 30th anniversary.
It's not knowing about that.
It's not knowing it is.
The chairman of one of the four patients,
talking a little bit.
There were members of this.
There were very few sessions,
and the 30th anniversary
of the 30th anniversary of the 30th anniversary of the 30th anniversary.
That has been so fun.
So 13 years ago.
Yeah, well,
I'm just going to get this.
Once again,
this is the chairman.
The chairman.
Anybody want to be a chairman?
Good, I do, right?
Yeah, very.
I don't think we haven't.
The first part of it will do me my foot.
I look on the floor on seconds
of that length,
but I, as I said,
I'll do it if I have to,
but I do want to make this together.
If you have three sessions today,
and this applies to all people,
that's too long for anything to whip.
I think you want to take one wicket in the morning,
a different wicket the afternoon,
and a third wicket the night.
Certainly you ought not to take a single wicket,
but taking a little cross examination
for that long period.
I urge that with all my power.
I've seen enough about losses to know
that that's pretty tough on the wicket,
so I'd like to ask that I'm sure
it all gets tires and anger
and difficult,
and we'll be in more wobbles
in the evening.
The evening is going to take a six-year-old.
But as I say,
I'll go on if I have to.
Sure, I can only say that if he interprets that motion,
and that is not included in the motion.
I'm sure we'll under the best motion.
Yes, yes.
Yes, the most good I suppose.
No.
I have another way of considering that.
I get a fairly, I say a phrase.
I put him 18 hours a day,
and I intend to pursue
some of my other duties,
not to stand in the field.
Any other discussion on the motion
which has been made by the Senate
as an item?
Excuse me.
I understand that the chairman
there are some hearings before the Senate
appropriates the committee.
Wouldn't it be better if it takes
this matter up an effective
discussion tomorrow and make a determination
at that time?
I'm ready to vote if it's the wicket
of the committee now.
I merely make that suggestion.
I'm ready to vote in favor of it,
but I think the matter probably
will be the first and the third until tomorrow morning.
So the committee can go over and then vote it in,
go to the final, at the beginning of the public
session in the morning.
Are you asking that in the nature of the
substitute under justice?
I'm offering that as a suggestion to my
distinguished friend, Tom Idaho,
if he was subject to chairman Idaho's
secretary of state, he's firmly
actually vote on it.
But I merely wanted to share the oldest
secretary of state.
I put him in session 14 days and a couple
virtually, he's not being so far as
as I've been seeing any of the real facts
in connection with his counterpart.
From this testimony, let's decide whether
it is engaged essentially and far
malice in putting on a TV show for the
Americans people or whether we recognize
our responsibility to do to expedite these
hearings and do everything within our
power to get the facts and then to reach a
conclusion so that we can devote our time
to others important duties.
May it be shared in the fire whether it be
followed in the second session in the
morning at 9.30.
It's just that and what it was and not
as it was before the committee, if that
was reasonable, the senator from Idaho
so that he could renew his suggestion at that
time and perhaps work out a more
orderly schedule for hearings and we can do
it on the show at the moment here.
That's right, sir.
You will draw your motion and come early.
I will come early.
Chair will announce the new 357.
Tomorrow morning at 9.30.
There will be a executive station of the
committee which stands in recess until
10.30 tomorrow morning.
You will just heard Chairman Montenau
for the committee will hold its next
public session at 10.30 tomorrow morning.
There will be an executive station of the
committee at 9.30 to discuss the proposal of
Senator Desvorichoff and make us the moment
to go that night session be held by the
duration of these hearings.